hey what's up youtubers seacock 297 here
but then twins 197 and we are going to
making our own account called BCC
productions so that's P CSC production
yes BC C stands for Ben Chris and Cox at
cook yes Jesse productions oh so it's
already up on YouTube
yep and we don't have any videos up on
it yet yeah and the whole town Kyle was
boring because there's no special stuff
for colors anything and we don't even
have our own picture yet but we just
made it today so it was time to make it
look cool and so pretty much it's going
to be all the videos CHS 97 and I make
together so this video will be up on it
on the internet salvia attack we're
gonna film a video today yeah call gonna
film another video and we're gonna put
it up and um we'll try to have our
picture up soon and also pretty much the
videos that we put up our videos with
both of us in it so like the nerf gun
videos that I've made and the nerf gun
videos that he's being that I got in or
he's not if I it will be out there you
can just go to vent 197 the City Council
87 if you want to get the videos we did
individually yeah and this video is also
going up on phantoms 197 MCA cops 97 so
then we get everyone and everyone just
go to our Channel I'll try favorite
comment rates even though we don't have
any videos yet and video responses we
love video responses and share videos
and personal messages yes okay so that
was our special announcement yep so go
to BCC production production will of
three C's sorry
juices bzz productions
alrighty them yes and no numbers no
numbers
remember yeah yeah
all right so BCC productions that's so
that you can remember it so VCC
production I think they get it Chris
okay all right see you guys later bye
bye